Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The heat
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make a fool of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
I’m a living furnace.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
She did her best to help him.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
Love is not like pizza.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
She cried diamonds.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
I’m a living furnace.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.
With the high wind warning
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
The father died during childbirth.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.